---
layout: post
title:  "My First Day In Portand for Write The Docs"
author: "Taisa"
---
I started my day in the early hours of the morning, making my way to the Oakland Airport. The purpose of this trip was to attend [Writethedocs](http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2018/). This particular conference brings together people who write the directions, the how to guide for processes that inform our work and even our daily lives; perhaps we can see them as modern day scribes. These individuals have a variety of roles such as Programmer, Technical Writer, Customer Support, Designer, Developer Advocates, and more".

On a small jet engine plane, I was feeling deary and cloudy consumed by symptoms of a cold. My seat vibrated the entire flight. The sky was clear I enjoyed a beautiful view of mountain peaks covered in snow. I attempted to get an estimate of the planes speed by searching out the furthest mountain peak and timing how long it took the plane to pass it. Mesmerized by a beautiful skyline before I knew it the plane landed in Portland and to my surprise, it was a sunny, humid, tropical weather, kind of day.

There was no strong breeze just some moisture in the air and the temperature reached well above 70 degrees. This was a huge change from the previous year, where it was raining and hailing. This year instead of the weather being dank, damp and gloomy, it was me feeling like all those things. I was sick and really sick like bligstering red nose, uncontrolable snot, wods of tissue in my hand and pocket. Anyway the sun is so healing. I couldn't resist the blue clear sky and beaming rays of sunlight the day was barely unfolding when I arrived. I took a walk from my hotel to the waterfront where I found a full-on carnival with rides and an unexpected scene of fun and acition. "I thought to myself I may feel like I'm going to faint but the sun is out in portland dammit and my hotel room is bunk." I just praid to god for strength and allowed the suns healing rays to wash over me, hoping it would be the cure. While walking up to the carnival I saw a booth/tiny trailer that had the sentence " Are You Going To Heaven?" Well I had to go and find out if they new something I didnt. It was the old cast out some bait and pull em in situation and of course I fell for it. I played the game answered some questions about god and got a prize. I don't think however, by their standards we are going to the same heaven as it seemed like going to church was the key to getting in. 

The Portland Sunday market was in full effect as well. There was live music, the water fountain was turned on as little ones ran about playfully trying to avoid the water shooting from out the ground. There were all types of goods for sale mostly handmade goods, such as paintings, clothing, jewelry etc. The vibe was happy and welcoming. I found a Diverse community celebrating Cinco De Mayo.
It Looked like I landed on a great day. Boats were in the bay All sorts of bikes were on the walkways from four seaters, tricycles and the regular city rentals. Voodoo doughnuts had a long line out the door as promised. I Walked the cobblestone street on**** watching as the city train passed by. It Feels like I got a glimpse into a typical sunny Sunday in Portland.

From the lyft driver who picked me up from the airport and eagerly pointed out the beautiful bridges of the city and pointed me in the direction of the happening part of downtown. To the musician with his guitar on the waterfront welcoming me in town as he wrapped up his first day, of writing songs on the spot, for interested passer buyers. Portland is a beautiful city full of development and a homeless challenges that a lot of US cities face. Thank you portland for the wonderful welcome. It’s a big/small city with skyscraping building 
developments and food shacks spread out through downtown. I can Definitely see the not so blend of the old and the new.

Finally the conference was great, I met alot of great folks. I learned so much more, all this conference is a great place to give talks. The community and creators/founders are super supportive of beginners.
